you're gonna love this one I've
literally never met anyone that doesn't
love laksa it's kind of like a soup calm
curry you got peanuts you've got citrus
and beautiful crispy chicken get
yourself about that much grease proof
paper empty your chicken thighs onto the
paper
salt pepper there a heat teaspoon of
five-spice just move the chicken around
to coat it bash it up your Pender rising
and you're also making the flavors
really stick to it we're going to go in
to the griddle pan here that's going to
cook away and job is a good squash take
the end off where the fat beer ends just
go straight down leave the skin on don't
want about a liter of boiling water into
my pan whoo we're going to add one
chicken organic stock cube I've got a
grater and just before this is going to
give your broth your soup wonderful body
1 red chili goes in a thumb-sized piece
of ginger coriander here these stalks
are fantastic and then spring onions
just three or four go in and then a
couple of garlic cloves about a
tablespoon of soy sauce some kaffir lime
leaves getting a nice teaspoon of peanut
butter a tablespoon sesame oil
tablespoon of fish sauce goes in and
then last but not least I've got some
tumeric a nice Heat teaspoon and that's
going to give it the most fantastic
color now I'm just gonna wash all of
this up
and just put that in and it's gonna be
like a big bomb going off the flavors
the brightness the zestiness you can
serve laksa with rice if you want but I
think it's more classic to do it with
rice noodles you can get them everywhere
so I'm just gonna bug in 300 grams of
that so they're going to cook away I've
got some coconut milk last thing to go
in two bunches of asparagus nice big
chunks like that squeeze in the juice of
one lime gorgeous we're going to go for
one tablespoon of honey over the meat
and we want to basically sesame coat and
glaze these chicken thighs the pan
screaming hot so we go in with a lime
juice see our lovely it's looking give
it a shake turn it over
finish off with a last sprinkle of
coriander and if you're a chili freak
like me scatter some on for a little
extra kick a little plate a heaven right
there